#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-intl
black==23.12.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
boto3==1.34.19
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.34.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   sphinx-intl
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
configparser==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   iatikit
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via types-lxml
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
elementpath==4.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xmlschema
fastavro==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
google-api-core==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-bigquery==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
iatikit==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
livereload==2.6.3
    # via sphinx-autobuild
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   iatikit
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mypy==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==4.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via sphinx
pytest==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   iatikit
    #   sphinx
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   livereload
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-intl
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autobuild==2024.2.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sphinx-intl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via -r requirements.txt
tornado==6.4
    # via livereload
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20240511
    # via types-lxml
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20240228
    # via types-beautifulsoup4
types-lxml==2024.4.14
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
types-requests==2.31.0.20240125
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mypy
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   types-lxml
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
wheel==0.42.0
    # via sphinx-togglebutton
xmlschema==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
